Adjust dashboarding to support OSP13 and 16 (#217)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_retrieving-and-setting-grafana-login-credentials.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// <List assemblies here, each on a new line>

// This module can be included from assemblies using the following include statement:

> // include::<path>/proc_retrieving-and-setting-grafana-login-credentials.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

Author: ```suggestion
// include::<path>/proc_retrieving-and-setting-grafana-login-credentials.adoc[leveloffset=+2]
```

// The file name and the ID are based on the module title. For example:
// * file name: proc_doing-procedure-a.adoc
// * ID: [id='proc_doing-procedure-a_{context}']
// * Title: = Doing procedure A
//
// The ID is used as an anchor for linking to the module. Avoid changing
// it after the module has been published to ensure existing links are not
// broken.
//
// The `context` attribute enables module reuse. Every module's ID includes
// {context}, which ensures that the module has a unique ID even if it is
// reused multiple times in a guide.
//
// Start the title with a verb, such as Creating or Create. See also
// _Wording of headings_ in _The IBM Style Guide_.

[id="proc-retrieving-and-setting-grafana-credentials_{context}"]
= Retrieving and setting Grafana login credentials

[role="_abstract"]

> {ProjectShort} will set default login credentials when Grafana is enabled. The credentials can be overridden in the `ServiceTelemetry` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{ProjectShort} sets default login credentials when Grafana is enabled. The credentials can be overridden in the `ServiceTelemetry` object.
```
